[docs-only] More changes on the README of ocis (#5020)
owncloud/ocis: README.md

[![oCIS docker image](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/owncloud/ocis?label=oCIS%20docker%20image&logo=docker&sort=semver)](https://hub.docker.com/r/owncloud/ocis)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

ownCloud Infinite Scale (oCIS) is the new file sync & share platform that will be the foundation of your data platform. 

**Inifinite Scale is currently in code freeze for general availability of version 2.0. Feature completeness was reached and the community is concentrating on bug fixes and performance improvements.** 

Make sure to download the [latest release candidate build](https://download.owncloud.com/ocis/ocis/testing/) today!

> Infinte Scale allows [web](https://github.com/owncloud/web), [Android](https://github.com/owncloud/android), [iOS](https://github.com/owncloud/ios-app) and [desktop](https://github.com/owncloud/client/) clients to synchronize and share file spaces with a scalable server side based on [reva](https://reva.link/) using open and well defined APIs like [WebDAV](http://www.webdav.org/) and [CS3](https://github.com/cs3org/cs3apis/). External applications like [Collabora Online](https://github.com/CollaboraOnline/online), [OnlyOffice Docs](https://github.com/ONLYOFFICE/DocumentServer) or [Microsoft Office Online Server](https://owncloud.com/microsoft-office-online-integration-with-wopi/) can be used to collaborate using a [WOPI application gateway](https://github.com/cs3org/wopiserver). Users are authenticated using [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/) and the embedded [LibreGraph Connect](https://github.com/libregraph/lico) identity provider. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infinite Scale allows [web](https://github.com/owncloud/web), [Android](https://github.com/owncloud/android), [iOS](https://github.com/owncloud/ios-app) and [desktop](https://github.com/owncloud/client/) clients to synchronize and share file spaces with a scalable server side based on [reva](https://reva.link/) using open and well defined APIs like [WebDAV](http://www.webdav.org/) and [CS3](https://github.com/cs3org/cs3apis/). External applications like [Collabora Online](https://github.com/CollaboraOnline/online), [OnlyOffice Docs](https://github.com/ONLYOFFICE/DocumentServer) or [Microsoft Office Online Server](https://owncloud.com/microsoft-office-online-integration-with-wopi/) can be used to collaborate using a [WOPI application gateway](https://github.com/cs3org/wopiserver). Users are authenticated using [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/) and the embedded [LibreGraph Connect](https://github.com/libregraph/lico) identity provider. 
```

> With a focus on easy install and operation, Infinite Scale is delivered as a single binary that allows scaling oCIS from a [Raspberry Pi](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/deployment/basic-remote-setup/) to [Kubernetes cluster](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/deployment/kubernetes/) by [changing the configuration and starting multiple services as needed](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/deployment/). The multiservice architecture allows tailoring the functionality to your needs and reusing services that may already be in place like [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) as the identity provider.

Reviewer 2: @dragotin Q: why do we have on top links to dev docs whereas we have in the section below (Run ownCloud Infinite Scale) we correctly reference the admin docs. We should either use the same links (preferred) here or rephrase telling to point to dev docs for additional dev info. Else this gets confusing to readers. The admin docs have very detaild and actual/maintained info about these topics.

Author: Agreed, it should be clear that the admin docs should be the first source of truth for admins, and the dev docs only provide additional/detail info.
@mmattel could you provide a fix for this - just push into this branch?

[![oCIS docker image](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/owncloud/ocis?label=oCIS%20docker%20image&logo=docker&sort=semver)](https://hub.docker.com/r/owncloud/ocis)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## Introduction

ownCloud Infinite Scale (oCIS) is the new file sync & share platform that will be the foundation of your data management platform. 

> **Inifinite Scale is currently in code freeze for general availability of version 2.0. Feature completeness was reached and the community is concentrating on bug fixes and performance improvements.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Infinite Scale is currently in code freeze for general availability of version 2.0. Feature completeness was reached and the community is concentrating on bug fixes and performance improvements.**
```

Make sure to download the [latest release candidate build](https://download.owncloud.com/ocis/ocis/testing/) today!

## Overview

### Clients

> Infinite Scale allows following ownCloud clients:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infinite Scale allows the following ownCloud clients:
```

> * [web](https://github.com/owncloud/web),
> * [Android](https://github.com/owncloud/android),
> * [iOS](https://github.com/owncloud/ios-app) and
> * [Desktop](https://github.com/owncloud/client/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*   [web](https://github.com/owncloud/web),
*   [Android](https://github.com/owncloud/android),
*   [iOS](https://github.com/owncloud/ios-app) and
*   [Desktop](https://github.com/owncloud/client/)
```

to synchronize and share file spaces with a scalable server backend based on [reva](https://reva.link/) using open and well defined APIs like [WebDAV](http://www.webdav.org/) and [CS3](https://github.com/cs3org/cs3apis/).

### External Office Applications

External office applications like:

> * [Collabora Online](https://github.com/CollaboraOnline/online),
> * [OnlyOffice Docs](https://github.com/ONLYOFFICE/DocumentServer) or
> * [Microsoft Office Online Server](https://owncloud.com/microsoft-office-online-integration-with-wopi/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*   [Collabora Online](https://github.com/CollaboraOnline/online),
*   [OnlyOffice Docs](https://github.com/ONLYOFFICE/DocumentServer) or
*   [Microsoft Office Online Server](https://owncloud.com/microsoft-office-online-integration-with-wopi/)
```

can be used to collaborate using a [WOPI application gateway](https://github.com/cs3org/wopiserver).

### Authentication

Users are authenticated via [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/) using either an external IdP like [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) or the embedded [LibreGraph Connect](https://github.com/libregraph/lico) identity provider. 

### Installation

With focus on easy install and operation, Infinite Scale is delivered as single binary or container that allows scaling from a Raspberry Pi to a Kubernetes cluster by changing the configuration and starting multiple services as needed. The multiservice architecture allows tailoring the functionality to your needs and reusing services that may already be in place like when using Keycloak. See the details below for various installation options.

## Important Readings

> Before starting to setup an instance, we **highly** recommend reading the  [Prerequisites](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/prerequisites/prerequisites.html), the [Deployment](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/) section and especially the [General Information](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/general/general-info.html) page describing and explaining information that is valid for all deployment types.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Before starting to set up an instance, we **highly** recommend reading the  [Prerequisites](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/prerequisites/prerequisites.html), the [Deployment](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/) section and especially the [General Information](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/general/general-info.html) page describing and explaining information that is valid for all deployment types.
```

## Run ownCloud Infinite Scale

### Use the Official Documentation

> See the [Quick Guide](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/quickguide/quickguide.html) or the [Binary Setup](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/binary/binary-setup.html) for a single node bare metal deployment starting with a Raspberry Pi or single server, the [Container Setup](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/container/container-setup.html) for classic container environments like docker respectively learn how to [deploy to Kubernetes](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.html).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
See the [Quick Guide](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/quickguide/quickguide.html) or the [Binary Setup](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/binary/binary-setup.html) for a single-node bare-metal deployment starting with a Raspberry Pi or single server, the [Container Setup](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/container/container-setup.html) for classic container environments like docker or learn how to [deploy to Kubernetes](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.html).
```

### Use the ocis Repo as Source

> Use this method when running a instance that has the latest code and is recommended for development purposes  only. To build and run a local instance with demo users:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Use this method to run an instance with the latest code. This is only recommended for development purposes. To build and run a local instance with demo users:
```

## Documentation

### Admin Documentation

> Please see [Admin Documentation - Introduction to Infinite Scale](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/) to get started with running oCIS in production.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Admin Documentation - Introduction to Infinite Scale](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/) to get started with running oCIS in production.
```

### Development Documentation

> Please see [Development Documentation - Getting Started](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/development/getting-started/) to get an overview of [Requirements](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/development/getting-started/#requirements), the [repository structure](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/development/getting-started/#repository-structure) and [other starting points](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/development/getting-started/#starting-points).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
See the [Development Documentation - Getting Started](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/development/getting-started/) to get an overview of [Requirements](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/development/getting-started/#requirements), the [repository structure](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/development/getting-started/#repository-structure) and [other starting points](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/development/getting-started/#starting-points).
```

## Security

See the [Security Aspects](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/security/security.html) for a general overview of security related topics.  
If you find a security issue, please contact [security@owncloud.com](mailto:security@owncloud.com) first.

## Contributing

> We are _very_ happy that oCIS does not require a CLA as it is [Apache 2.0 licensed](LICENSE). We hope this will make it easier to contribute code. If you want to get in touch, most of the developers hang out in our [rocket chat channel](https://talk.owncloud.com/channel/infinitescale) or reach out to the  the [ownCloud central forum](https://central.owncloud.org/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
We are _very_ happy that oCIS does not require a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) as it is [Apache 2.0 licensed](LICENSE). We hope this will make it easier to contribute code. If you want to get in touch, most of the developers hang out in our [rocket chat channel](https://talk.owncloud.com/channel/infinitescale) or reach out to the  the [ownCloud central forum](https://central.owncloud.org/).
```

> We are _very_ happy that oCIS does not require a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) as it is [Apache 2.0 licensed](LICENSE). We hope this will make it easier to contribute code. If you want to get in touch, most of the developers hang out in our [rocket chat channel](https://talk.owncloud.com/channel/infinitescale) or reach out to the  the [ownCloud central forum](https://central.owncloud.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are _very_ happy that oCIS does not require a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) as it is [Apache 2.0 licensed](LICENSE). We hope this will make it easier to contribute code. If you want to get in touch, most of the developers hang out in our [rocket chat channel](https://talk.owncloud.com/channel/infinitescale) or reach out to  the [ownCloud central forum](https://central.owncloud.org/).
```

Infinite Scale is carefully internationalized so that everyone, no matter what language they speak, has a great experience. To achieve this we rely on the help of volunteer translators. If you want to help, you can find the project behind this link:

>  or [Transifex for ownCloud web](https://explore.transifex.com/owncloud-org/owncloud-web/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [Transifex for ownCloud web](https://explore.transifex.com/owncloud-org/owncloud-web/).
```
